<center>
# deadcode
</center>

## OVERVIEW

A fork of deadcode.go by Remy Oudompheng.  It's still useful even though there
are a few broken bits now that go has evolved to 1.4.2 (at time of writing).
See the godoc portion below for a list of changes I made to code.

### Installation

If you have a working go installation on a Unix-like OS:

> ```go get github.com/hotei/deadcode```

That will copy github.com/hotei/deadcode to the first entry of your $GOPATH

or if go is not installed yet :

> ```cd DestinationDirectory```

> ```git clone https://github.com/hotei/deadcode.git```

### Features
* simple
* works as intended
* friendly to markdown (new feature)
* works well in Makefile  (new feature)

### Limitations

* deadcode will ignore build tags that might be present in the programs being checked
	* [ed. Hotei] in time I hope to correct this but it's not urgent

### Usage

```
cd to the directory of the program you wish to check and run it

$ cd progDir
$ deadcode
```

### BUGS
* none known

### Change Log
* 2015-08-09 compiled with 1.5rc1
* 2015-06-12 compiled with 1.4
* 2014-xx-xx Started

 
### Resources

* [go language reference] [1] 
* [go standard library package docs] [2]
* [Source for deadcode] [3]

[1]: http://golang.org/ref/spec/ "go reference spec"
[2]: http://golang.org/pkg/ "go package docs"
[3]: http://github.com/hotei/program "github.com/hotei/deadcode"

Comments can be sent to <hotei1352@gmail.com> or to user "hotei" at github.com.
License is BSD-two-clause, in file "LICENSE"

### License

The original source I found was copyrighted with BSD-3 license 

Documentation (c) 2014-2015 David Rook 

DO NOT EDIT BELOW - Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)

# .

deadcode.go (c) David Rook - original version (c) Remy Oudompheng

Changed the way program produces output so it goes to stdout vs stderr.

Changed exit code so it only produces an error code if program fails, not
just because it found dead code.

These changes make it much more friendly when used in a makefile to create
package/program documentation.

Added -md option to format output to be friendly to markdown parsers.
Added -verbose option to get an idea of what's being scanned

Use -make=false if you want the original behavior








- - -
DO NOT EDIT ABOVE - Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)

github.com/hotei/deadcode imports 
```
	bytes
	errors
	flag
	fmt
	go/ast
	go/parser
	go/scanner
	go/token
	io
	io/ioutil
	math
	os
	path/filepath
	reflect
	runtime
	sort
	strconv
	strings
	sync
	sync/atomic
	syscall
	time
	unicode
	unicode/utf8
	unsafe
```
```
deadcode results:

deadcode: deadcode.go:36:1: notused is unused
```
